Poverty


We recognize that eradicating poverty in all its forms and dimensions, including extreme poverty, is the greatest global challenge and an indispensable requirement for sustainable development.
All countries and all stakeholders, acting in collaborative partnership, will implement this plan. We are resolved to free the human race from the tyranny of poverty and want and to heal and secure our planet.

We are determined to end poverty and hunger, in all their forms and
dimensions, and to ensure that all human beings can fulfil their potential in dignity
and equality and in a healthy environment.   


We commit ourselves to working tirelessly for the full
implementation of this Agenda by 2030. We recognize that eradicating poverty in all
its forms and dimensions, including extreme poverty, is the greatest global challenge
and an indispensable requirement for sustainable development.

We are committed to ending poverty in all its forms and dimensions, including
by eradicating extreme poverty by 2030. All people must enjoy a basic standard of
living, including through social protection systems. We are also determined to end
hunger and to achieve food security as a matter of priority and to end all forms of
malnutrition. In this regard, we reaffirm the important role and inclusive nature of
the Committee on World Food Security and welcome the Rome Declaration on
Nutrition and the Framework for Action. 8 We will devote resources to developing
rural areas and sustainable agriculture and fisheries, supporting smallholder farmers,
especially women farmers, herders and fishers in developing countries, particularly
least developed countries.



*********************
Goal 1.
A/RES/70/1
End poverty in all its forms everywhere
1.1 By 2030, eradicate extreme poverty for all people everywhere, currently
measured as people living on less than $1.25 a day
1.2 By 2030, reduce at least by half the proportion of men, women and children of
all ages living in poverty in all its dimensions according to national definitions
1.3 Implement nationally appropriate social protection systems and measures for
all, including floors, and by 2030 achieve substantial coverage of the poor and the
vulnerable
1.4 By 2030, ensure that all men and women, in particular the poor and the
vulnerable, have equal rights to economic resources, as well as access to basic
services, ownership and control over land and other forms of property, inheritance,
natural resources, appropriate new technology and financial services, including
micro-finance.
1.5 By 2030, build the resilience of the poor and those in vulnerable situations and
reduce their exposure and vulnerability to climate-related extreme events and other
economic, social and environmental shocks and disasters
1.a Ensure significant mobilization of resources from a variety of sources,
including through enhanced development cooperation, in order to provide adequate
and predictable means for developing countries, in particular least developed
countries, to implement programmes and policies to end poverty in all its
dimensions
